## just implemented Godot Experimentally for full game generation
https://github.com/Superposition28/TheSimpsonsGame-PS3/tree/main/Godot


# Remake Engine Game Module, The Simpsons Game 2007 (PS3-edition)

A re-implementation tool built using the RemakeEngine

Features
Converts the user-provided game assets into formats usable by Godot.
Generates the game project with Python and GDScript
Users must own the original game.
Goals
Re-implement original game logic in GDScript and GD-C#.

This module contains the Core logics for remaking The Simpsons Game 2007 ps3 game.


## File Breakdown

Here is a breakdown of the key files and directories in this module:


*   **`Godot/`**: Contains the remake logic files
 *   **`Godot/Scripts/`**: contains the Scene Builder GD script used to generate the Game Nodes, world etc in godot
 *   **`Godot/init.py`**: this is the godot project initializer, generates the project and runs the GD scene builder script in godot.
 *   **`Godot/scene_config.json`**: Fundamental Godot game Scene definition file, defines the location of every single in game asset and what nodes to attach what scripts etc. basically the entire game in JSON format..
 *   **`Godot/addons/`**: Contains third-party or custom Godot plugins used by the project
 *   **`Godot/conf/`**: Stores configuration files for the generated Godot project
 *   **`Godot/tests/`**: Experimental scenes and scripts for testing generation


*   **`indexer/`**: dev scripts for generating the PrimaryIndex.db
*   **`Patches/`**: Contains data patches that are applied to the extracted assets to fix issues in extraction, IE: replace proprietary UV maps with community made ones, and assigning mapped textures to assets.. etc
*   **`Scripts/`**: Houses the Core Operation Scripts for Orchestrating the remake process
*   **`Stuff/`**: dev folder
*   **`operations.json`**: The Fundamental configuration file that defines the sequence of operations for processing and converting game assets Used by the RemakeEngine.
*   **`PathRules.json`**: Maps the original game’s nested folder structure into a more logical, flat structure to reduce redundancy.
*   **`PrimaryIndex.db`**: The main database file that stores an index of all assets found in the original game, generated by the indexer during the dev process, should be accurate unless it was last run after a failed extraction..
*   **`Readme.md`**: This file.
*   **`RenameMap.db`**: A database used to map the original, often cryptic, filenames to more human-readable names for the remake.
*   **`Tools.json`**: Configuration file for external tools required by the asset conversion pipeline, to be Downloaded by the RemakeEngine.

operations shortcuts generated by init.py
{{RemakeEngine.Config.module_path}} path to the module
{{RemakeEngine.Directories.SourcePath}} path to users own original game files
{{RemakeEngine.Config.project_path}} path to remake engine root

This tool is not intended for Direct execution, it is fully automated and designed to be executed by [[The Remake Engine ](https://github.com/Superposition28/RemakeEngine)]

All direct dependencies including Godot, Blender, QuickBMS are defined by Tools.json and handled by the RemakeEngine.
other dependencies like, python, .NET, etc are not handled or listed at all.. THIS MODULE IS STILL IN BETA

## Obligatory Legal Disclaimer

**Please read this disclaimer carefully before using this project.**

This project provides code that automates the process of extracting assets (3D models, sounds, and videos) from The Simpsons Game 2007 (PS3-edition). It is intended for personal use only, i.e:.. hobby projects, learning purposes, research, etc .. nothing commercial or distributed.

**Key Points to Understand:**

*   **Requires Ownership of the Game:** This tool requires you to possess your own legally obtained ISO copy of game for the PlayStation 3. It does not provide access to the game files themselves.
*   **Respect Copyright:** The assets extracted from game are copyrighted by Electronic Arts (EA) and Disney. This tool is provided solely to facilitate personal exploration and modification of assets from a game you legally own. You are solely responsible for ensuring your use of these assets complies with all applicable copyright laws and the game's End User License Agreement (EULA) or Terms of Service.
*   **No Distribution of Assets:** This project does not involve the distribution of any copyrighted game assets. It only provides the code to automate the extraction process from your own game files.
*   **Compliance with Takedown Requests:** The developer of this project respects the intellectual property rights of EA and Disney. If either Electronic Arts or Disney (or their legal representatives) requests the removal of this code for any legally defensible, the developer will promptly comply.

**By using this project, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this disclaimer and agree to use it responsibly and in accordance with all applicable laws and terms of service.**


# DO NOT USE THIS FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES OR DISTRIBUTE ANY EXTRACTED ASSETS WITHOUT PERMISSION FROM THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS.
